( -geometry is equivalent.) 
( -help and --help are equivalent.)
Kill xpdf remote server (with -remote only).
If not specified, the packages specified with --pkg= will be used.
Aim for minimal time distortion (implied by -R)
Only useful with -d, -D, or -r.
It has no effect without --prefix=prefix.
This is only useful with --debug-dump=info.  
... allows to enforce a particular ISA when disassembling instructions, overriding the -m value or
Implies -d.
Like -d, but disassemble the contents of all sections, not just those expected to contain instructions.  
Alias: -splits
So this flag isn't very useful yet, except to partially override W`--disable-assertions'.
This option is equivalent to -oraw.
This option requires the --ndb option to be present.
This option implies --disable-real-weather-fetch.
Extra quiet mode: like -q, but also suppress warnings.
Like `--debug', but allows specifying the debug level (`--debug' sets it to 1).
This option will attempt to load the specified file in addition to the normal files, the options in this file will supersede other options.
This option must be used in front of the stack options -, + and =.
All other valid options are ignored.
Do not combine this flag with the -cell or -noauth options.
This is similar to the -A option, but instead of getting the list of users from the userdb, they are read from the given file .
This is like --delete except that: 4
To override this and force a particular format use the --format option.
Like --loudness, but fade to the new volume within a time giv en with --fade-interval.
(But ignored with -v or -x.)
However, this option is not exclusive with -x option.
In earlier versions mongod would require --sslPEMKeyPassword whenever using --sslOnNormalPorts, even when the private key was not encrypted.
Specify the file name of the pem file using relative or absolute paths  When using --sslOnNormalPorts, you must specify --sslPEMKeyFile.
For example, use ` -Y-50 ' instead of ` -Y\ -50 ' on your option specification.  
The subflags may be combined: e-ZDF is equivalent to -ZD -ZF.  
Similar to — you guessed it — -g , but the selected days will be printed in black.  
--run-before can take an arbitray number of arguments and may require to be followed by a single --cmd in order to enable identification of the subcommand.
For running plugins that require a --dataset argument it is important to provide the respective dataset as the --dataset argument of the main command, if it is not in the list of plugin arguments.
This is deprecated, use dh_prep(1) instead.  
The option is removed in compat 12.
This option can only be used with exactly one input sequence and only when connected to the internet.
Synonym for --parsable
This also prints the version information given by the -v switch (see below).
This option has no effect save increasing CPU usage when not combined with -p.    
Check for issues which are non POSIX but required to be supported by Debian Policy 10.4 (implies -n).
Options available with -@std (default) or -@poststd options: Process C++ source.
Alias: -0 -r
It is similar to the -R option
(This is equivalent to -L
This option overrides the verbose and the quiet variable in the configuration file.  
This option should be used in conjunction with the '-i' option, such that multiple addresses can be given as input to addr6.
This only affects HTML and CSV mode and --outfile
switch to script mode, may not be used with -c
This option must be specified before any --libs or --cflags options.
Meaningless if --scene_interval is 0.  
Requires -m.
If -chainfile is specified, it overrides -certfile.
This option has effect only if a hostname is specified on the command line.
Compatibility alias for --literal-block- env=verbatim.
Use <URL> for a source link; implies --source-link.
running under a debugger can cause an implicit --nograb, use --dograb to override
Allowed values: illumina (ASCII 64-126) (equivalent to -J 64
This option only has an effect if a target file is given with the -t option (see below).
When using this option, emulation is automatically started and you shouldn't use it in conjunction with -a.
Note: if Terminator is launched as x-terminal-emulator -e behaves like -x, and the longform becomes --execute2=COMMAND
Do not combine this flag with the -localauth flag.
Do not combine this flag with the -cell argument or -noauth flag.
Do not combine this argument with the -localauth flag.
Similar to --ignore, but SSL connections are intercepted.
SMT-LIBv2 compliance mode (implies other options)
Also, note that specification of ‘-nolisten tcp’ in arguments may override the function of xvfb-run 's own -l, --listen-tcp option, and that specification of the server number (e‘:1’) may be ignored because of the way the X server parses its argument list.
Add an overriding sed expression, which looks like --override s
Specify the C compiler to use to compile assembly files; the default is to instead use the assembler specified with --as-cmd.
Note that it will be of no effect if --key is given.
Specify a wordlist file (alias for -z file,wordlist).
Alias for --script=default -v -c
Equivalent to the SET BACKGROUND OFF command.  
Equivalent to the SET LINE (SET PORT) command.
This option has no effect if -projection is specified.  
This option implies -window.
URL to use when -gb is enabled.
This option implies --ro and is safe to use even if the guest is up or if another virt-rescue is running.
This option overrides -f.
Requires that the -a option is also used.
This option only works if --msv is selected (it only affects MSV), and it will not work with --fast (because the optimized implementations are hardwired to assume nu=2.0).
Like --min-delay, delay is measured in hundredths of a second.
All unrecognized parameters are silently ignored.
The values of fields specified with the -e option, in a form specified by the -E option.  
This implies -F.
This option requires -q.
This option is ignored.
When -o 's argument contains only an optional + or - sign followed by the digits 0 to 9, it is interpreted as --open-prob .)
Command line options may be used to override the settings in the ~/file:
outputs the directory where Frama-C searches its plugins (can be overridden by the FRAMAC_PLUGIN variable and the -add-path option)
If some custom compilation step is needed, compile them outside of Frama-C and use -load-module instead.
Deprecated, use --no-enh instead  
The `p', `u' and `U' Os are mutually exclusive.
This option works the same as option W`-ul'.
Specifies the login timeout (similar to isql's -l flag).
This flag is mutually exclusive with the above flags.
Non-existing or not supported services supplied with -V are silently ignored.
Query timeout value (equivalent to isql's -t option).
This option has no effect when used with -I
-log and -win are mutually exclusive.
The -q, -v, and -vv options are mutually exclusive.
If the C header file needs any special options (like -D or -I) to go through the C pre-processor, here is the place to pass them.
sloppily place text, group words, do not draw single glyphs; ignored for tesseract >= 3.03 unless option -enforcehocr2pdf is set
is equivalent to groff -X .
print progress information while copying VOBs -a is option to the -F switch and has no effect on other options  -s and -e should preferably be used together with -t
Like --interaction but without covariate acting in interaction with SNP (default is no interaction, 0).
Note: @RG line only printed when --rg-id is set.
Set a special logontype, can only be used in combination with a FTP URL as argument.
This option has no effect when --no-curlrc is defined.
Using either -fgo-pkgpath or -fgo-prefix disables the special treatment of the W`main' package and permits that package to be imported like any other.
Useful if you want to view a desktop without interfering; often needs to be combined with -Shared. .
Retry and rescore options: These options may only be used with the 'retry' and 'rescore' operations.
Ignored if -r is not specified, or if it's the same as the default keyring.
Forces and supplies a value for -s, then requires you to edit the report and say what went wrong.  
If you use this option, you should also use --outbox to handle delivery failures.
When -c is used, -B is ignored.
If any --include patterns are specified, the only files that are processed are those that match one of the patterns (and do not match an --exclude pattern).
When input is from a compressed or file, --line-buffered is ignored.
This limit is of use only if it is set smaller than --match-limit.  
Note that the choices must be different according to whether the --three-way option is also set.
This option has no effect except in merge-mode (option -m).
Using -optimize or -optimize+ will turn on optimizations, -optimize- will turn it off.
Not applicable when -XPartialTypesignatures is not enabled, in which case errors are generated for such holes.
Use -freduction-depth=⟨n⟩ instead.
-rdynamic on Linux, and -optl -export-all-symbols on Windows.
Therefore, you should also use super -d cmd to make sure that the command you've entered will be executed with the correct arguments, uid, gid, umask, and so on.
generates an index for all reports that match --output-file-prefix.  
Note: if you reuse cache-files, which were not created with -d -1 -r -1 -t -1
(only useful with --output-format graph )
(only useful with --output-format graph )($x_scale) defines how many datasets should be drawn on the graph.
(only useful with --output-format graph)($formats[n])
option turns off gunzip-on-the-fly.
When this option is set, only directories specified explicitly with -I or specified in AUGEAS_LENS_LIB will be searched for modules.
Options which affect all file objects in the ISO image, like -r or -dir-mode, will be applied only to files which are present in the ISO image when the command -as ends.
Command -move, on the other hand, would attempt to replace it.  
Like -setfacl but affecting all files below eventual directories.
The same effect is achieved by -padding mode
To really produce user prompts, command -dialog needs to be set to on.
Like -map, but if disk_path is a directory then its sub tree is not inserted.
Alias: -jigdo-min-file-size  exclude adds a regular expression pattern which will get compared with the absolute disk_path of any data file.
Alias: -jigdo-template-compress  checksum_iso chooses one or more of md5, sha1, sha256, sha512 for the auxiliary # Image Hex checksums in the jigdo file.
Alias: -checksum_algorithm_templateCharacter sets:  
Like -name but testing the leaf name of the file source on disk.
Those which are hidden in some tree match -not -hidden off.  
If the -if expression matches, then the -then expression is evaluated as the result of the whole expression up to -endif.
I-indev and -outdev must be different.
-mips1 is an alias for -march=
This option is mutually exclusive with -nger .
This is the default, and is mutually exclusive with -sigs .
Synonym for -np (see below).
Mutually exclusive with -npty.
This option is mutually exclusive with -t and -ton .
In combination with the -r/-R option more powerful effects can be achieved:
-x implies -t.
Supersedes -i.
Count all native events (implies -m).
this option overrides such behavior and messages them anyways (only useful with the -w/-c options)
Like -u for type='playlist'.  
Like '--prune-histograms', but only remove low intensities.  
This option is similar to the -a option.
If you don't want to mess with --invert all the time, just use these instead.
Interval between each dump snapshot (in minutes), requires --daemon, default 60 (minutes) UNINDENT 0.0
-to and -t are mutually exclusive and -t has priority.
Similar to filter_threads but used for W`-filter_complex' graphs only.
This is an obsolete alias for W`-frames:d', which you should use instead.
This is an alias for W`-filter:v', see the -filter option.    
If in doubt use -framerate instead of the input option -r.  
You can tell curl to not change the non-GET request method to GET after a 30x response by using the dedicated options for that: --post301, --post302 and --post303.
--epsv can be used to explicitly enable EPSV again and --no-epsv is an alias for --disable-epsv.
If you want to switch to active mode you need to use -P, --ftp-port.
If you think this option still doesn't give you enough details, consider using --trace or --trace-ascii instead.
Turn on the TCP_NODELAY option.
Same as --key but used in HTTPS proxy context.
This option overrides -0, --http1.0 and --http2.
This option overrides --basic and --ntlm and --negotiate.
Set password for use with the TLS authentication method specified with --tlsauthtype.
Requires that --tlsuser also be set.
If you don't want the @ character to have a special interpretation use --data-raw instead.
This option overrides -n, --netrc.
This is just an alias for -d, --data.
Send logical clipping amounts implied by -u/-l in the ZjStream [3].  l l. 0	don't send any logical clipping amounts 1	only send Y clipping amount 2	only send X clipping amount 3	send both X and Y clipping amounts
The use of this option implies --manual-ps2pdf.
This needs to be augmented with the base device resolution, given with the --bdpi option.
It is much better to select the output resolution directly with the -D option.
Like using -c, but the command is executed just before processing any vimrc file.
If {file} is omitted Sessionis used (only works when -S is the last argument).
Dump test case to stdout (use in combination with -r)
Note that you need to use the --header, --header1,
Like the -c option for filtering out unneeded configurations, but only expresses a preference.  
Send logical clipping amounts implied by -u/-l in the LAVAFLOW stream [3].  
all cases the job allocation request must specify the --exclusive option.  
--mem and --mem-per-cpu are mutually exclusive.
Format: -I, -i, -H and similar:  host<TAB>port  <
Wake up every timeout millisecs, where timeout is the same as for the -w (--wait-before-prompt) option, 40 ms by default.
This is equivalent to setting the AutoBindGPU xorgfile option.
Files are slurped in as a whole, so matching across newlines should be no problem (with the -ms flag).
This is like -next, but cycles in the other direction.
Note that the -z option is mutually exclusive with the -Z option.
-v2 prints more detailed infoamation than -v1.ctrl
This has no effect when --upload is used. .
This option must not be used with the -4 option and only has an effect with the tcp and udp namespaces.
This option is silently ignored if the -k option is not used.
Using this option enables the use of pdftoppm.
Regulate the speed of compression using the specified digit # , where -1 or --fast indicates the fastest compression method (less compression) and -9 or --best indicates the slowest compression method (best compression).
Note: This option is meaningful only if TCP has been specified with the -p option.
Note that this option cannot be used in conjunction with the -l (--loop) option.
only if TCP or UDP have been specified with the -p option.
This option is required.
These options should be put before options for dvi2ps.
If --change-section-address or --change-section-lma or --change-section-vma is used, and the section pattern does not match any sections, issue a warning.  
Only valid when setting encryption (see the -e option).
This means that `` -regex -not foo bar '' will not work as expected; instead use `` -regex -not 'foo|bar' ''.
Override conversion for goal function (long name: -goal-xxx).
Note that --quickstart has no longer been supported since OpenOffice2.0.0.
It implies --invisible and strictly ignores any GUI environment.
By default gdb , but this can be changed with the --gdb= argument or through the GDB shell variable.
The case of the names of the options is ignored.
error and retval are mutually exclusive.
This is incompatible with -c , since no per-process counts are kept.
turn on mask optimization; this is the default; disable with --no-optimize
No warning (equivalent to -warn:none)
The Javadoc options are effective only when this option is enabled.
Is equivalent to --clean --erosion --match --smooth.m
If your server requires a specific cipher, consider using --cipher-list instead.
Requires --print.
If you only want to override parts of the default stylesheets, use -addstylesheet instead.
The short-hand alias -s is specific to gjdoc and not compatible to Sun javadoc.
When this option is given, it will instead use the javainstance for the locale given with -locale (or the default locale).  
You can use -linkoffline instead to avoid this access.
how many lines of context to print; can't be combined with --whole-file
Functionally equivalent to -c.
A backwards compatibility alias for -s/--scaffold.
A backwards compatibility alias for -l/--list.  
Useful only after -w is used in previous command to leave the test file in place for reuse.  
Do not extract, give information only (implies -l.)
Requires the --keyserver to be set.
Preface combines -clr and -pfx.
Must be used together with --status.
Like -netmod but also resets the last modified status in the cache for all URLs that checked ok.  
Details last-modified status for remote URLs (requires -netset or -netmod).
alias for -SDuplex:true -STumble:false corresponds to Duplex, binding along the long edge
alias for -SManualFeed:true
alias for -SDuplex:true -STumble:true corresponds to Duplex, binding along the short edge  Produced output is meant for PS level 2 printers.  
alias for -SDuplex:false
Force upgrade (alias for --skip-version-check)
This switch has no effect when running with -R. .
Alias for --verbose
Requires the --data option.
Silently discarded if --diagram is not given Experimental.
Requires --diagram.
When checking whether files exist (if the --existing option is specified), do not follow trailing symbolic links.
The usual toolkit options like -geometry are supported too.
enable/disable the usage of the Xvideo extension altogether, i-noxv has the same effect as both -noxv-video and -noxv-image switches (see below).  
This option is shorthand to avoid using the -wp option six times.
Equivalent to --debug all.
A number may also be given, which will turn on that many types from the foregoing list; for example, --debug 2 is equivalent to --debug abnormal,chat.
Automatically create a calendar and an addressbook; implies --autocreate.
This requires a new signing-key-pair which can be auto-created with the --auto-create parameter.
Multiple -@ or --list specifiers will be ignored; only the last -@ or --list option will be used.
make snapshots of test working directory after each scenario step; you probably want to use this with --tempdir
Save a tabular (space-delimited) file summarizing the per-hit output, similar to --tblout but more succinct.
Generate GI list by Entrez query in filename; requires -dn or -dp.
Requires -dn or -dp.
This option is deprecated and it is recommend to always specify the application (absolute path) and its parameters after --; the fcgiapp parameter is directly used for the exec() call, while for starting the binary given with -f
; you cannot combine this with the -s option.
They can be turned off with --no-option . '   
--no-position means --position
--screen is a synonym for --logical-screen . '
--method is a synonym for --color-method . '
Like -d, but print timestamps in UTC instead of local time (needs gawk).  
Discarded when --part is used.
Alias for --docutils-footnotes (deprecated)
Where the controlsocket will live, please use --config-dir instead.
On Windows platform, syslog is accepted as a word and is only useful along with the --syslog-target option (the word has no effect otherwise). . off, emer, err, warn, info, or dbg, to control the log level.  
Note that existing theme files will not be overwritten (unless --overwrite-theme- files is used).
One of --encoding and --encoding-text must be supplied. '
Ignored if -g is not specified.
-population-priors Equivalent to --pooled-discrete --hwe-priors-off and removal of Ewens Sampling Formula component of priors.    
Similar to the  -scaler  parameter, but tries to force usage of the specified scaler even if it might not fit.
The VOMS VO name must be provided, as required by voms-proxy-init -voms .
10M for 10 mbps)\. Thi s overrides the --rate flag\. .
(Ignored if with -s)
``-sel'' and ``-s'', as the standard toolkit option ``-selectionTimeout'' has a similar name.
This is the equivalent of setting both -show_program_version and -show_library_versions options.
Cannot be used in conjunction with -i, requires -p.
Requires -o option.
equals --create-histogram  --chf equals --create-histogram-fast  
Note that when including a timezone string in output, ISO 8601 -style UTC offsets are used (so something like -Z EST+5 will become UTC-5).
Like -y but this option will override per-metric specifications.
Note that the union of --libs-only-l and --libs-only-L may be smaller than --libs, due to flags such as -rdynamic.
skip the deletion of documents corresponding to deleted files (--preserve-nonduplicates is a deprecated alias for --no-delete)
The -u option affect -g (geometry), -t (table) and -p (page size).
To specify the amount to be removed, use -shave instead.
Also see -mosaic which is similar to -flatten
This option is used in concert with -density.
In other words, do not assume that the resolution units are restored if the image has been saved to a file.resize <width>x<height>{%}{@}{!}{<}{>}fP resize an image This is an alias for the -geometry option and it behaves in the same manner.
Use '--algorithm naive' instead.
This option is ignored if -root.
If both are given then only the last will be honored.  
Note also that for backward compatibility, --ignore-owner option still exists and since version 2.3.0 is just an alias to the --comparison-field=ignore-owner option.
With the --sequential-read option instead, dar will rely on escape sequences that are inserted all along the archive with each file's inode information.
--aux-ref is a synonym to --aux.
The -< and -> options act like -g and -P, they can receive wildcard expression and thus have their comportment driven by the --alter=globe and --alter=regex expressions seen above, as well as the --alter
The option --tree-format is an alias to --list-format=tree (backward compatibility).
For backward compatibility, this is an alias to -vt -vm (both options set).
As soon as you use -/ option -n only applies only to slice overwriting and the -r, -k and -ae options are ignored (restoration specific options).  
If -/ option is used, this option without argument is ignored!
This option is not available for archive isolation and is useless for archive listing as it is always set, unless -q is used.
In consequences, you need a space between the option (like -z) and its argument (like 9), when dar does not rely on a GNU getopt() call, which also imply you to explicitly use arguments to options listed just above.
Same as -z (see just above).
Coq file f v (implies -batch ).
Only one of -d or -F can be specified, and -d cannot be used together with -C.
This must be the only option.
Do not combine the -cell and -localauth options.
Follow all symbolic links, unlike -r .  
Obsolete synonym for -i .  
This is equivalent to the -d recurse option.
Process a binary file as if it did not contain matching data; this is equivalent to the --binary-files=without-match option.
With the -o or --only-matching option, this has no effect and a warning is given.  
Like the -Z or --null option, this option can be used with commands like sort -z to process arbitrary file names. .
Use -q0 instead of -q to suppress random dithering.
Use -qz instead of -q to not dither zero-valued pixels.
(If this option is set -t, -s, and -f options are ignored.)
4 --append-context1cmd=``cmd1,cmd2,...'' 4     Replace or append to the list of regex matching commands whose last argument is text but which require a particular context to work, eW`\caption' will only work within a figure or table.  
like --section, but only use TEXT if no sections are present in INFO-FILE (replacing Miscellaneous).
Synonym to --libs in Firebird 3.0.
Usage of this option is similar to the -d option and may be done in conjunction with other -d and -z options.
-G supersedes the usage of any -l or -m options.  
--prefix and --glob-archives are mutually exclusive.
The form of --format is ignored, but keys used in it are added to the JSON output.
Note that --input_timeout and --timeout_script options can be used as synonyms for --input-timeout and --timeout-script , respectively.
Note that --poll_timeout is a synonym for --poll-timeout .
Requires the --crypt or the --crypt-md5 options; may not be used with these options: --chars, --maxchars, --minchars, --count, --string, --nocrypt.  
This option is similar to the -c option, but surfaces are first converted to a polygon mesh and then exported as IndexedFaceSet nodes.meshc prefix
This option is similar to the -c++ option, but surfaces are first triangulated and then exported as TriangleSet nodes.  
To avoid problems with other libraries, adding options like for example -prefix
Note: This option is only available if thinkfan was built with -D USE_ATASMART.
The location of the keytab may be specified with the -t keytab_file option, or with the -i option to specify the use of the default client keytab; otherwise the default keytab will be used.  
The options --copy, --rename and --symlink are mutually exclusive.
It is deprecated; use -- instead.
Note that this option may only be used with config file attributes that are not context-sensitive; imenus and imageclasses cannot be specified using this option.
Generate shared library (alias for -G/-shared)
alias for -Bdynamic (default)
If list is omitted, -array is equivalent to -array=all, and -noarray is equivalent to -array=none.
The -extern flag is now superseded by the -usage=ext-undefined option.  
If list is omitted, -style is equivalent to -style
This option only has an effect when used together with exact.exact: the comparison of two blocks is done variable-by-variable rather than simply requiring agreement between corresponding storage locations.
It is superseded by the character data type.  
If you want to be warned only in those instances where the implicit data type differs from the default type, use -portability=param-implicit-type instead.  
This flag is superseded by -common=volatile, and should no longer be used.  
This can be overridden with the --name option.
open an editor to change the CDDB information which has been obtained previously (only useful with -Q).
Give all other needed options too, like -t , -E , ...
-aSI and -abinary can be used several times, they affect all prefix which follow even those found in file included by -B option up to the next -a... occurrence.
You can not combine --insensitive with --consistent.
Override location (implies -I)
overrides any occurance of --omit earlier in the options (restoring the default behavior).
With this option all keywords found will be ignored, filepp will just replace any macros specified with the -Dmacro=defn option.
The option is silently ignored when the mount namespace (--mount) is not requested.
Only effective in use case 2.
Superseded by -int
What personality to use (defaults to match --arch).
An alias for --computer-name that can be used when operating on service accounts.  
alias of --url, used for historical compatibility
- shortcut for -f ascii.
It is not used in conjunction with -f or -k .
Since there is usually no reasonable way to pick a best page when searching for a regular expression, this option implies -a .
Has effect only in the presence of the -c flag.
Unless specified, the executable is named as inidicated by the --oexec option.
Note that especially the libmpeg2 decoder may crash with this, so consider using -vc ffmpeg12,. .
When used with MEncoder, this is not guaranteed to work correctly with -ovc copy; use -audio-delay instead. .
This option is deprecated, use --repo instead.
This option must be used together with the option -T
This option will be ignored if used in combination with the --no-conflicts option.
Probably only useful with --verbose  
They may override cuefile= commands CATALOG and ISRC in the same way.  
Like option -load but leave the drive's eject button disabled if there is any media found and not option
Currently supported: -S (alias nosite), static_hashes (not use hash randomization), no_warnings (do not give Python runtime warnings), -O (alias noasserts).
It implies these option: --recurse-all.
Note that this option does not imply --katex.    
Hence,    pandoc\ --filter\ ./caps-t\ latex    is equivalent to   pandoc\ -t\ json\ |\ ./capslatex\
Deprecated synonym for --wrap=none.  
-network must also be specified for -listen to have any effect.
Ordered dither is only available in -onepass mode.
If -p is used, the command assumes the 2 i -th and
identifier defaults to default but can be overridden through the --name option.
Unidirectional options must be used together, or else the transfer will not work correctly.
Note: `--geoip-city-data` is an alias of `--geoip-database`.   OTHER OPTIONS
Deprecated, use --output-format instead to select multiple formats.
For these cases, use -t instead.
Use this option to override the list of buses to scan by default as defined in discoverUse all as an argument to disable all buses; this is useful only if followed by --enable-bus (or -e) arguments.
and --best instead of -9.
Only useful with -p/--picture or -P/--picture-series.
Only useful with -v/--visual-compare.
The amount of time to pause between sending UDP datagrams can be specified by means of the -z option, and defaults to 1 second.
Deprecated alias for --codec
Same as --monitor, except run in the background logging events to a file that must be specified by --outfile.
Equivalent to -h -l -S.
This command should support the option W--
Setting <quantity> to 1 is equivalent to specifying the '--no-separate-x-screens' option.  
Sets space or ',' separated list of CDDB servers used for command read-cddb or for commands where the --with-cddb option is active.
By default, up to 65536 allocations can be active at any point, but this can be altered with the --malloc-max option.  
This option cannot be used with STDOUT output.
this only works if your autoexeccontains a unix -e command.
It is similar to the -cc option from the set of standard options except that it will accept a string rather than a number for the visual class specification.
This option is ignored inPDF mode.
This option is only useful with the -duplex option.
and -m options are mutually exclusive.
An action is triggered by a definition and a definition is invoked only if listed with the -T flag.  
1 eperl -D name=value ..   is actually equivalent to  1 export name=value;
Combining this option with <--trigger-as-button> is recommend in most situations.<--guitar> Sets a predefined button and axis mapping for use with guitar controllers.
This parameter nullifies effect of the -max parameter.
This is usually useful in addition to --force.
Like -y but operates on the image slides, not the thumbnails.  
Can't be used in conjunction with -x.
So either this option or --all-interfaces must be used if you would like to respond via an interfaces sub-IP.
The extension used here must match the -target used.  
Implies -fO, prevents -cdeghpyH.
Print optimizer debugging information in a different form (implies -cO).
use pmns as root of the namespace (default matches -i flag)
This only makes sense with --domain.
Note that --check and --edit require a server which advertises a VERSION capability, see --ignoreserverversion to override.  
This option is identical to -p, but doesn't require user input.
Enable quantitation using all scale factors (for now alias for -qc option).
(overrides above, 0 = unused)
Enable HTML mode (equivalent to --formatter html).  
This option is now equivalent to `--charset=IBM437' and may eventually be depreciated.
Like -h but use SI units (powers of 1000) instead.
Alternative call with the -noshell option  qrsh -noshell /bin/tcsh -f
This option is similar to --keepfiles except that files may be reverted.
Ignored if -c is active. .
Output s periods in each lattice direction; equivalent to: -x s
Set the thread stack size.  4  Unrecognized W`-X' options are ignored, for compatibility with other runtimes.
Like -vv, plus info messages are enabled.
Like -v, plus warning messages are enabled.
Set the active profile, using its directory name, as shown with the -l or -L option output
This option is a synonym for the -E option.  
Use -E instead, because it is POSIX compliant while this option is not.  
This option is a synonym for -I replace-str if replace-str is specified.  
This option is deprecated; use -I instead.
The -c and -d options are mutually exclusive.
With wimcapture this option will set the compression type to XPRESS and the chunk size to 4096 bytes; these can, however, still be overridden through the --compress and --chunk-size parameters, respectively.  
In addition, this option will set the configuration file to SOURCE\\Windows\\System32\\WimBootCompressif present and accessible; however, this may still be overridden through the --config parameter.
This option only has an effect when --solid is also specified.  
Implies --stats.
Will not work with the -A option (use -C instead).
The -a option will verify that LIB exists before adding it to the database; -f skips this check.
Using this option has the same effect as setting the TgifDontCondensePSFile X default to false.
The only difference between the two is that using -reqcolor has the same effect as setting the TgifX default to true (see the X DEFAULTS section below).
This is equivalent to '-load -1', negative memory locations will not be saved, ie, you cannot save to the null patch.
This is not active in -server or -daemon mode.
This is used in conjuction with -engine to distribute the GUI.
The --fast and --best aliases are primarily for GNU gzip compatibility.  
Same as --recipient but this one is intended for use in the options file and may be used with your own user-id as an encrypt-to-self.
Note that this option overrides --default-key.
This option is similar to --recipient except that it encrypts to a key stored in the given file.  
This option is the same as running the --edit-key command clean before export except that the local copy of the key is not modified.
In --with-colons mode this is always printed.  
Shortcut for --options
The --expert flag overrides the '@' check.
For  other platforms, this option will be simply ignored.
This option  is not thread safe and MUST NOT be used with option -n<N>, where <N>
no-tls parameter is  used in  --frontend option,  accept HTTP/2 and HTTP/1.1 over cleartext  
>Z) (used only with -U<initial-absolute-seek-time>)
like -t, except using RTSP-over-HTTP tunneling.
specify the video image width (used only with -q, -4, or -i)
Only evaluate packets (in representation format) that match the -f filter.
Write all packets that match the -f flag to file, as pcap data.
Write all packets that match the -f flag to file, in hexadecimal format, readable by drill.
Requires -s for multi-volume archive support.
-Y overrides -y if a filename matches both.
This option only exists for debugging and testing purposes, in all other cases --fdpass is preferred.
You can list the available emulations with the --verbose or -V options.  
This option affects ELF DT_NEEDED tags for dynamic libraries mentioned on the command line after the --as-needed option.  
This option is similar to the --emit-relocs option except that the relocs are stored in a target specific section.  
On platforms where this is not supported, --relax is accepted, but ignored.  
The --compress-debug-sections=zlib option is an alias for --compress-debug-sections=zlib-gabi.  
Ask the user for every file/directory whether it should be visited (implies -l.)
Outdated option; use -publisher instead.
like -d, except use : as a separator instead of the d, ', and  delimiters.
Note that a warning is not triggered (and does not trigger an error) if it is disabled by the -w option.  
Any options set which have equivalent command line options may be overridden by the command line.
Color must be enabled for this option to take effect.
can be -1 (default) to disable this facility.
This option implies that -Y is active.
-g cannot be used with -k .
In this case, the -pad option is superseded by the padsize= option.
The use of -A CARD%c is actually equivalent to -I CARD:
Equivalent to --timeout=0
This is intended only for emergencies or for unusual fact-finding expeditions; it will work only if dvips has been compiled with the DEBUG option.  
Similar to --interactive, with the exception that an editor is spawned before prompting for confirmation of the message to be sent.
This option needs to be combined with one of the three resource options: -m , -q  or -s .
Backend specification: similar to the -t option
By passing this flag you can either enable (--machine-readable or --machine-readable=yes) or explicitly disable (--machine-readable=no) the machine readable format described above.  
This is a strengthened form of --independent-groups.
If this option is set, its version must match --os-identity-api-version UNINDENT 0.0
0.0 3.5 If you switch to openstackclient from project specified clients, like: novaclient, neutronclient and so on, please use --os-interface instead of --os-endpoint-type.
If shopt_option is present, -O sets the value of that option; +O unsets it.
Note that the --coverpath must be set to save the coverart and must reflect an existing path.
Do not use this option for quality settings, use option --quality instead.
Do not use this option for compression level, use option --quality instead.
You ought to use this option with explicit -u and -d, because some hashes include the username and domain name in the calculation.
Use -G/ISAScannerAgent to identify applications for which max_size_in_kb should be ignored (forcing the plugin).
Like --exclude-filelist , but include the listed files instead.  
Sets the update rate at which duplicity will output the upload progress messages (requires --progress option).
If you want to make sure that symbols in given library are actually called, use -x @library_pattern instead.
Cancel the --dump-source action.
codepage to use for grammar; overrides --codepage-all
only compiles the grammar; implies --verbose
runs each section only once; same as --max-runs 1
(This option has no effect without -b\.) .
This is incompatible with several options; for other options it simply translates the relevant constraint into four dimensions.
This option cannot be used in conjunction with -t .
Alias for -r auto
To overwrite existing file, --allow-overwrite is required.
This options is effective only when using HTTP/FTP servers.  
Similar to -Ei but this ignores all program changes.args For effects.  
This option depends on the -EFresamp option's value.
This option turns on the fill option.
If the gpgdir --agent command line argument is used instead of --Agent-info, then gpgdir assumes that the GPG_AGENT_INFO environment variable has already been set in the current shell.
Listen on specified address (IPv4, or IPv6 if -6 used).
Like -translate-file except that a %& line can overrule this setting.
The only supported modifier is currently e , which matches --extreme .
These are somewhat misleading aliases for -0 and -9 , respectively.
Such adjustments are not made when compressing with --format=raw or if --no-adjust has been specified.
Must be given in conjunction with --srcsdir.
Must be given in conjunction with --packages.
This option is only applicable to Aggressive Mode.
If this option is not given (or command is '-'), the W`--exec-title' is used instead.
If greyscaling is in use, this argument does not apply; use -gamma instead.
like -b but including standard error
Implicitly sets --error and --output to /dev
Requires -F .csv
The first button shown is determined by the widget together with the --nook and --nocancel options.
Like --triangulation, this switch is  followed  by  some  directives.  
Enables HTTPS support on the server, you must supply an X.509 certificate and a private key with either the --cert/--pkfile options or with the --p12file (which combines both the certificate and the private key into a single file).To use you must first create an X.509 certificate for your server, for example:  
Like --https this enables
To also skip language-independent files, combine this option with --language-only.
In effect, --default-language behaves almost like --language, except that files are extracted for all languages if they have different names.
If you don't specify a port number, the value you specified with -p or -U is used.
This option can't be used in conjunction with --assembly.
When using this option, consider also using -L to report k5start errors to syslog.
Similar to --jack-transport, but do not end program when jack transport stops.
+N Equivalent to -N0 (no page numbering).
When the -#, -c, or -l options are specified, the -B option is ignored.
In general, -B may be slower than -#, but not by very much.
The numeric equivalent of a symbolic field is specified with the -n option of the commands ci (1) and rcs (1).
It is an alias of -H, --host.
Note that the normal initialization file gs_initmakes systemdict read-only, so the values of names defined with -D, -d, -S, or -s cannot be changed (although, of course, they can be superseded by definitions in userdict or other dictionaries.)
number2 Equivalent to -dDEVICEXRESOLUTION=
Note that if this option is used, all database-specific options are ignored.
Like --libs, but always print the linker flags needed to get an executable linked against shared libs.
alias for --max-blksize, for incompatibility
The -l , bare -r , and -u options are mutually exclusive and silently override each other.
The extracted keyword values and the default log message can be overridden with the options -d , -m , -s , -w , and any option that carries a revision number.
Do not use this with out‐of‐path manpages.
Use with command that generates output with no input;  same as --dummy_input 1.
Using this option is equivalent to -c1
Normally only one of --overwrite (which creates a suitable pseudomerge) and --deliberately-not-fast-forward (which suppresses the pseudomerge and the fast forward checks) should be needed; --overwrite is usually better.
Macros passed to '--define' override macros of the same name from FILE.
-puc is very similar to -pu but cuts the end (handler) of each URL.
With any other command, they have no effect.
Relocating data segment to the end of the text segment (ignoring the -xd option) before extracting.
Can be overridden,
This is like -d , except that the process does not become a daemon. .
Does the same thing as -a but only prints the starting address of the next file in the ROM.
As a special case, an empty value for this option means to use the commit specified by --since.
This option differs from the -nographic option in that it only affects what is done with video output; -nographic also changes the destination of the serial and parallel port data.
Like -monitor but opens in 'control' mode.
This is a shortcut that sets the cacheand cacheno-flush options (as in -blockdev), and additionally cachewriteback, which provides a default for the write-cache option of block guest devices (as in -device).
if=ide,index=1,media=cdrom   Instead of -fda
we must use it with the help of filter-mirror and filter-redirector.  
This option is now deprecated in favour of using the tls-creds argument.
This option is deprecated, please use W`-device ide-hd,cyls
This option must be specified before any --libs, --library-libs, --plugin-libs or --cflags options.
With the -c option the socket must be specified with the -k option.
This mode differs from the cpp compatibility mode by its handling of comments, and is equivalent to -n -U
=ALL must be specified or this option is ignored.
Either MinMemoryCPU or MinMemoryNode may be set, but not both.
The usual toolkit options (like -geometry) are accepted too.
This option is only meaningful if SSL is in use (see --ssl option).  
This option has no effect in combination with --pc-local.
Only relevant when  when accounting_summary is false, and probably only useful with -j to prune the output. .
The command :t is equivalent to specifying -t from within less.
Like -r, but only ANSI color escape sequences are output in raw form.
Unlike -r, the screen appearance is maintained correctly in most cases.
Run in batch mode (requires --link/--MPhost/--MPport)
This option only exists for compatibility with the rackup(1) command, use of -l/--listen switch is recommended instead.  
The zoom modes are mutually exclusive, and if more than one is specified, the first will be used.
This option must be specified before any of the --cflags and --libs options.
This is equivalent to use the help command.
Same as ``-w factor -h factor''.  
Similar to -mattr (see below) but takes specifications for the object
--audio is an alias for --aid.  
Currently, the window always has the size 640x480, and is subject to --geometry, --autofit, and similar options.  
Use --autofit-larger instead if you just want to limit the maximum size of the window, rather than always forcing a window size.  
Use with care, or use --sub-margin-y instead.
In that case, bilinear is used instead of whatever is set with --scale.
CLI/config file only alias for --external-files-append.
7.0 3.5 This requires setting the --video-sync option to one of the display- modes, or it will be silently disabled.
7.0 3.5 This option is not respected when using --frames.
This also implies --linear-scaling.
--sub is an alias for --sid.  
This option behaves exactly like --autofit, except the window size is only changed if the window would be larger than the specified size.
The old alias --hwdec-preload has different behavior if the option value is no.
The subtitle renderer uses the font style as specified by the --sub- options instead.  
Note that with external tracks (added with --sub-files and similar options), there will be streams with duplicate IDs.
You might be able to work around this using --heartbeat-cmd instead.
If this is applied, no other replaygain options are applied.
--video is an alias for --vid.  
Equivalent to -safe; for backwards compatibility.
windres will pass this to the preprocessor as an -I option.  
All subsequent options are ignored.
Alias for --literal for compatibility with grep\. .
Alias for --ignore for compatibility with ack\. .
Requires -f file (in PS or PDF format) and -n number to be given as well.
Requires -n number to be given as well.
It is recommend to combine the two options, -cn for maximal correction help from hspell .
Implies -k  and excludes  -t .
--prune-path is similar to --prune, except that the wildcard is matched against the entire pathname instead of just the filename at the end of it.
As above, --exclude-path is similar to --exclude, except that the wildcard is matched against the entire pathname.
As with the previous two options, --include-path is similar to --include except that the wildcard is matched against the entire pathname.
If you need to manually enable or disable them, you can use the above three options to do so: --progress unconditionally enables the progress reports, --no-progress unconditionally disables them, and --tty-progress reverts to the default behaviour which is conditional on standard error being a terminal.
Hence, this option affects the -L option as well as -s and -S.  
As -p but also overstrike deleted whitespace.
Implies --schema.
If headerfield consists only of a field-name, it will not be appended.fB-I headerfield Same as -i , except that any existing similar fields are simply removed.  
verbose mode (same as --list)
Use --import or --boot and --transient if you want a transient libvirt VM.  
Report changed file list to stdout (implies -s ).
Output format which can be used with --requires/--whatrequires/--obsoletes/--conflicts.
Tells pterm to record your login in utmp, wtmp and lastlog: this is the opposite of -ut-.
This option will have no effect if -nh, --noheader has been selected.h, --hours Output traffic statistics on a hourly basis for the last 24 hours.hs, --hsummary Output traffic summary including hourly data using a horizontal layout.i, --iface interface Use interface instead of default or configured interface.
This option overrides the default format (FASTA) and the -B Babelfish autodetection option.
The following constraint-level arguments may be used together and require -c/--constraint (-z/--subzone is optional):
Run PYTHON_FILE in web2py environment; should be used with --shell option
Mostly only useful with the --fetch option at present.
Add <directory> to the list of directories to be searched when producing a C file (no effect when used with -c).
its the same like -F/--filter but inverted.
These parameters are only required by the --create and --drop actions.
Only has effect if --once is used.
Ignore the --gtailn and --ltailn prefixed options and fit the <x> fraction tail of the histogram to an exponential tail, for all search modes.
Note, only the -a0 option is available when superpositioning structures with different sequences.
Thus no password from the -a option is required if this option is provided.
In the case of a missing -U the -l PORT is required because only if you made a -U run with a fixed local port before, a run with -I and the same fixed local port can be successful.
This is similar to the -g,--giga option, however the spill file generated is not deleted.
There may be many more matches in the actual text (or there may be none if -F is used to filter files).
We use the following alias in our file  alias glwi 'glimpse -w -i'
This option is ignored when used not with -N.
This option is an agrep option and it will be ignored in glimpse, unless glimpse is used with a file name at the end which makes it run as agrep.
We use the following alias in our file  alias glwi 'glimpse -w -i'
This is the default operation mode when no operation mode option is specified , no other operation mode is implied from the command name (for example, unlz4 implies --decompress ), nor from the input file name (for example, a file extension lz4 implies --decompress by default).
The warning-list has the same meaning as for the -w option: a + sign (or an uppercase letter) marks the corresponding warnings as fatal, a - sign (or a lowercase letter) turns them back into non-fatal warnings, and a @ sign both enables and marks as fatal the corresponding warnings.
When compiling a module (option -c ), setting the -linkall option ensures that this module will always be linked if it is put in a library and this library is linked.
Use the same port identifiers as for the -port argument.
Like -b but accepts a version control argument.
Only useful with the --rec option.
Note -s is always performed before -r.
Unless option ’-x’ (overwrite outputs) option is given, audio parameters of an existing audio file take preference over the params set with ’-f’.
Alias of -a for backward compatibility.
Automatically implies -a.
may not be used).
The --B flag will be ignored if this flag is specified.
The two options must be used together, and the value of N must be in the range 1.The environment variable LIT_RUN_SHARD can also be used in place of this option.
This will override any 'mech' options in yafcrc or bookmarks.
The number of fax lines (-h option) is required in this case.
This option is a synonym for -o\ dvips , it cannot come after --pdf .
Using this flag is mostly equivalent to using the W`inspect-os' command and then using other commands to mount the filesystems that were found.
Note that prepared disk images created with -N are not affected by this option.  
Similar to W`-0', but does give feedback on the scanning progress with a single line of output.
If several of -j, -p, and -c options are given, only the last one takes effect.
This is incompatible with the -v  and  -l options, and all other output format modifiers will be ignored.
Similar to the -I flag in the C compiler (cc).
This is shorthand for -foreground white -background black.
-cdither and -colordither are equivalent.
If -pedantic or standard-conforming mode is enabled, this is an error.
Like -dD, but emit only the macro names, not their expansions.
Only significant when -fexternal-blas is in effect.
Only the directories you have specified with -I options (and the directory of the current file, if appropriate) are searched.
Deprecated alias for -fcheck=bounds.
Any restrictions of the file-format, especially the limits on line length, apply for preprocessed output as well, so it might be advisable to use the -ffree-line-length-none or -ffixed-line-length-none options.
The option -fopenmp implies -frecursive.
-Wunused-parameter is implied by -Wextra if also -Wunused or -Wall is used.
-trapping-math need to be in effect.
This is subtly different from `--required-by --recursive`, which is more predictable and can't fail, but lists all dependencies independently without ensuring consistency.
If no cut options are supplied, this option is ignored.
When -d or -dr are in effect, the volume used by them is locked.
Finally, with the -M (mark-nonspam) option, EMAIL will be added to the allow-list if it is not already on it.
Note that the effect of this switch is void when using the W`-s' option.
(-t overrides this.)
Like -kkv , except that a locker's name is inserted into the value of the Header , Id , and Locker keyword strings if the given revision is currently locked.
Like -VV, but not even error messages are printed.  
Similar to the -p/--strip options of patch.
As -T, but print the unified diffs.
To also specify the namespace, use --idns instead.
Specifies the user password (mutually exclusive to the '-W' option).
Note that this does not implicitly save the direcotry, use -s instead for that behaviour.
Though the command syntax used to require -i at the end of the command line, this version actually allows -i (or --include) anywhere.  
Requires the --out option to specify a different output file than the input archive.  
Don't use this with other image scaling options.
View jobs belonging to all users (synonym for -u\ user )
Note: each of the following options has a negative form beginning with -fno-.
Like -M but do not mention header files that are found in system header directories, nor header files that are included, directly or indirectly, from such a header.  
Directories specified with -I options are scanned in left-to-right order.
Exactly like -include, except that any output produced by scanning file is thrown away.  
Please use -iquote instead for -I directories before the -I- and remove the -I- option.  
This option is ignored if --script-file option has been given, because that option imports whole content inside HEAD tag.
You can use -v or --vcard switch to get output in vCard format or -l or --ldif switch to get output in ldif format or -r or --raw switch to get the raw output which is explained below.
Equivalent to --pause if playback is active, otherwise --play.
Applies only if the output voxel type is specified to be an integer type (one of -byte, -short, -int or -long).
For the --groupmap option to have any effect, the -g (--groups) option must be used (or implied), and the receiver will need to have permissions to set that group.
This affects --exclude-from, --include-from, --files-from, and any merged files specified in a --filter rule.
A h means that the item is a hard link to another item (requires --hard-links).
A t means the modification time is different and is being updated to the sender’s value (requires --times).  
A g means the group is different and is being updated to the sender’s value (requires --group and the authority to set the group).
If rsync was complied without support for IPv6, the --ipv6 option will have no effect.  
This option takes the behavior of (the implied) --ignore-missing-args option a step farther:  each missing arg will become a deletion request of the corresponding destination file on the receiving side (should it exist).  
This works just like the --append option, but the existing data on the receiving side is included in the full-file checksum verification step, which will cause a file to be resent if the final verification step fails (rsync uses a normal, non-appending --inplace transfer for the resend).
The option also implies --perms.
Conflicts with --inplace because it’s not possible to overwrite data in a sparse fashion.
The per-directory delete scan is done right before each directory is checked for updates, so it behaves like a more efficient --delete-before, including doing the deletions prior to any per-directory filter files being updated.  
This option affects the default behavior of the --relative option.  
The -D option is equivalent to --devices --specials.
Finally, you can specify either --no-iconv or a CONVERT_SPEC of - to turn off any conversion.
The -P option is equivalent to --partial --progress.  
Note that rsync versions prior to 2.6.1 had a bug that could prevent --link-dest from working properly for a non-super-user when -o was specified (or implied by -a).  
This option is equivalent to --info=
The --dirs (-d) option is implied, which will create directories specified in the list on the destination rather than noisily skipping them (use --no-dirs or --no-d if you want to turn that off).
In both cases, if the -r option was enabled, that dir’s entire hierarchy would also be transferred (keep in mind that -r needs to be specified explicitly with --files-from, since it is not implied by -a).
:  W   rsync alias -Z
If this falls, and the criteria specified with the -W option is also satisfied, the antenna is considered better.
This option *must* be used with the '-T'  option and can't be used with any other options apart from '-Z', '-v' and '-d'.
The default was equivalent to -s1.1 but run optimise -d to display this and any other defaults.
The '-S' option is similar to the options -F, -G, -P, -R, -X (which specify weights for FB, gain, pattern cleanliness, input resistance and input reactance).
The '-R' option is similar to the options -F, -G, -P, -S, -X (which specify weights for FB, gain, pattern cleanliness, SWR and input reactance).
The '-F' option is similar to the options -G, -P, -R, -S, -X (which specify weights for gain, pattern cleanliness, input resistance, SWR and input reactance).
However, unless you optimise for gain with the -W option, then setting the -G option will have no effect.
(requires --find).
print a list of tree names that match any --highlight argument
Any other package will not be updated (unless it matches a --restrict-bin).
Like --restrict-bin but read a whole file in the FilterList format.
An alias for --radix
It implies --no-lp, and will leave a signed file for you to upload.
Combining -M and -T is similar to -D.
Alias: -splitr
Same as -t but changes also the internal (tag) numbering.
Same as option -a but the created LoadModule directive is prefixed with a hash sign (#), ithe module is just prepared for later activation but initially disabled.
Do not use in conjunction with -m (not implemented yet).
Invalid -W options are ignored (a warning message is printed about invalid options when the first warning is issued).  
include Ctrans-splicing, requires -p, -5
[]  include 5'UTR moel, requires -p
If not set, this value is set to the sum of --barcode-mm-r1 and --barcode-mm-r2.  
Note that the two basic modes of `lfit` are distinguished only by the presence or the absence of the -y, --dependent command line argument.
Incompatible with -w|--worker\. Value passed must be a directory containing valid work configuration
Usage of this option is required when the --filelist option is used, in which case it specifies the name of the torrent directory.
Use 2^size as piece length (default 18) (overrides -l ).
Deprecated and will be removed: use --show-single instead, which overrides this.
When extracting, same as --no-same-owner.     
A variable Varin section [Sec] can be overridden with flag --polyorb-<sec>-<var>-<iable>[=<value>].
Only valid for -e: export the specified source as default to the X11 display instead of the one configured via local configuration.
Supersedes the behaviour for the given property that may be implied by the B --exist_all P option.
The behaviour for individual properties may be overridden by the B --equal
For large datasets, it is recommended to use esd2esi --wordambiguity instead, as then the speed overhead is only incurred during indexing, rather than during the database searching itself.
A combination with -nc is only accepted if the given output file does not exist.  
Parameters to type are passed by appending them to the type sperated by a colon (:) like this: --progress=type:parameter1:parameter2.  
this is only relevant if you also specify -keyboard
, this text file can contain a single loooong line with comma-separated nx/nx optionsrootless=<bool> start nxagent in rootless mode, matches -R given on the command line, no-op when resuming (default: false)geometry=<string> desktop geometry when starting or resuming a session, no-op in rootless mode
start nxagent in shadow mode, matches -S given on the command line, no-op when resuming (default: false)shadowuid=<int> unique identifier for the shadow sessionshadowmode=<string> full access (set to 1) or viewing-only (set to 0
If this option is passed explicitly in the command line, it implies --recompress.  
Mutually exclusive with --uchars.fB--transform Set the transform type.
Like --sort-weight-list , but expanding the iso_rr_paths as shell parser patterns and applying --sort-weight to each matching file.
This works only with -isohybrid-mbr and has a similar impact on the system area as -hfsplus.
Alias of -N.Settings for standards extensions:
Alias of -C.Settings for file insertion:
-apm-hfsplus apply even if not -isohybrid-mbr is present.
Like option -hide but making files invisible in the directory tree of HFS+, if their disk_path matches the given shell parser pattern.
Like git add --update, this does not add new files, but any updates to tracked files will be added to the index.
Dotfiles are skipped unless explicitly listed, or unless this option is used.
This option is like --list-missing, except if a file was missed, it will not only list the missing files, but also fail with a nonzero exit code.
I suggest using it for --update but not for --makepatch if the file repository contains MP3 or MPEG files only.
This option is mutually exclusive with --debug and --verbose .
Quiet operation, an alias for -o none.
> Use specified match file instead of searching for matches  --input-id-matrix=<file>
The option has effect only if the -fcf-protection=full or -fcf-protection=return option is specified.  
This option only has an effect if -ffast-math or -funsafe-math-optimizations is used as well.  
Requires -flto-odr-type-merging to be enabled.  
* Link your object files with -lgcov or -fprofile-arcs (the latter implies the former).
Unlike other similar options, -fsanitize=float-divide-by-zero is not enabled by -fsanitize=undefined, since floating-point division by zero can be a legitimate way of obtaining infinities and NaNs.
Set the directory to search for plugins that are passed by -fplugin=name instead of -fplugin=path/name
This warning is enabled by -Wall in C and +.
In C this warning is enabled by -Wall.
The -force_cpusubtype_ALL option can be used to override this.  
On System V.4 and embedded PowerPC systems, if -meabi is used, compile code the same as -msdata=eabi, otherwise compile code the same as -msdata=sysv.
This option defaults to -mno-synci, but the default can be overridden by configuring GCC with --with-synci.  
-Waddress -Warray-bounds=1 (only with -O2) -Wbool-compare -Wbool-operation -Wc++11-compat  
This has an effect only during the second scheduling pass, and only if -fsched-stalled-insns is used.
This option is only active when -fstack-protector is active.  
At present, -msve-vector-bits=128 produces the same output as -msve-vector-bits=scalable.  
Conversely, nofp implies nosimd, which implies nocrypto, noaes and nosha2.  
Enabling these instructions also requires -march=r2.  
-mtune=68020-60 is similar but includes 68060 targets as well.  
This option has been superseded by -mexplicit-relocs but is retained for backwards compatibility.
For example, you can specify -Xlinker -Map=outputrather than -Xlinker -Map -Xlinker output
Unlike the --target-help option however, target-specific options of the linker and assembler are not displayed.  
This option is only active when -fdelete-null-pointer-checks is active, which is enabled by optimizations in most targets.  
You can always override the automatic decision to do link-time optimization by passing -fno-lto to the link command.  
This option works only with DWARF debug output.
2 std::string str = abc; memset (&str, 0, sizeof str);   The -Wclass-memaccess option is enabled by -Wall.
If you know the CPU on which your code will run, then you should use the corresponding -mtune or -march option instead of -mtune
(Printing of the option in the warning message can be disabled using the -fno-diagnostics-show-option flag.)  
The option cannot be combined with -fsanitize=thread.
Custom instruction assignments given by individual -mcustom-insn= options override those given by -mcustom-fpu-cfg=, regardless of the order of the options on the command line.  
This option is enabled by default but only takes effect when the selected architecture is known to support bonding.
It requires that -fipa-cp is enabled.
This is a synonym for -mapcs-frame and is deprecated.
The definition of these macros is affected by -mtiny-stack.
The definition of these macros is affected by -mmcu= and in the cases of -mmcu=avr2 and -mmcu=avr25 also by -msp8. n
You can also override the -mrtd option by using the function attribute W`cdecl'.  
The default is -msoft-cmpsf, which uses slower, but IEEE-compliant, software comparisons.
This option only affects -mabicalls.  
This is like -mieee except the generated code also maintains the IEEE inexact-flag.  
This causes GCC's output file to have the ALL subtype, instead of one controlled by the -mcpu or -march option.
Most flags have both positive and negative forms; the negative form of -ffoo is -fno-foo.  
The -meabi option is on by default if you configured GCC using one of the powerpc*-*-eabi* options.
This is an alias for the -mv850e1 option.
If you use -dM without the -E option, -dM is interpreted as a synonym for -fdump-rtl-mach.
At present, this option implies -fpic, allowing at most a 16-bit offset for pc-relative addressing.  
The forms -fdiagnostics-color and -fno-diagnostics-color are aliases for -fdiagnostics-color=always and -fdiagnostics-color=never, respectively.  
This only makes sense when scheduling after register allocation, iwith -fschedule-insns2 or at -O2 or higher.
Though multiple -fopt-info options are accepted, only one of them can include a filename.
The option is equivalent to -mcpu=547x, and is now deprecated in favor of that option.
Please use --remote-schema instead
Like --exclude-globbing-filelist , but the list of files will be read from standard input.
Like --restrict , but only allow writes as part of an incremental backup.  
On by default, disable with --ipv6 false.
This option requires network fuzzing to be activated using -n.
This option supersedes anything that is specified by the -I flag.
get all files (implies -X)
If both -size and -psnr are used, -size value will prevail.
Implies -N\ 1\ -w\ 5 .
synonym for --dump
Class for manifest's Main-Class entry (only useful with -d <jar>).
Deprecated: Please use dh_missing --list-missing instead.  
Use unicode fonts partially regardless of -n option.
Analyze a FLAC encoded file (same as -d except an analysis file is written)
May not be used in conjunction with --output-prefix.
Same as -i  file but add the output to the previous window (so the output is
Like -q: but merge them all in one window.
Only calculate the gain for files that do not contain all replay gain tags needed (the album gain and peak tags are only considered if -a has been specified).
use ansi escape codes for nice looking statistics (requires --enable-statistics configuration flag)
This option is ignored if optimisation is not used (see -O option), and it also implies the -fprecompute_ip_const option.
From the previously listed options only -T and -A can be used, instead the JSON schema generator has options of its own:
Viewer multilisten mode is used to create the multiple windows: -multilisten is implied.
